Platform monitoring setup, internal vs external monitoring (#1890)
influxdata/docs.influxdata.com: content/platform/monitoring/_index.md

and visualizing the monitoring data in a way that makes it easy to recognize, alert on,
and address anomalies as they happen.

## [Internal vs external monitoring](/platform/monitoring/internal-vs-external)
An explanation of internal and external monitoring strategies for your Enterprise
or OSS TICK stack with the pros and cons of each.

## [Set up an external monitor](/platform/monitoring/external-monitor-setup)

> How to setup and external InfluxData TICK stack that monitors another Enterprise or OSS TICK stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to set up and external InfluxData TICK stack that monitors another Enterprise or OSS TICK stack.
```

Setup is one word as a noun but two as a verb.
